Fix JSON output to remove offset (#949)
GitGuardian/ggshield: changelog.d/20240812_134908_salome.voltz_fix_json_output_handler.md

### Fixed

> - JSON Output now displays correct position (line and index) for matches when scanning a file and not a patch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JSON output: fixed incorrect values for line and index when scanning a file and not a patch.
```
